Let's meet fellow believer and Helacup Pintado who overcame something that held her back from joining a language group in her area.
My name is Angelica Pintado. I was born in Ecuador and I moved to New York in the year 2001.
I have been a regular pioneer for a few years now and it has always been my desire to do more for Jehovah.
Something that helped me was a conversation I had with the circuit overseer.
Where he encouraged me to learn a new language so that I could help others learn about Jehovah in their mother tongue.
Now that I have decided to join the Guarani group, I have seen clearly how Jehovah has molded me as the great potter.
One of the challenges I had in the beginning was fear, but I continue to trust in Jehovah.
And by sharing the message with other people, seeing their reaction to the good news, this has helped me to continue.
I have seen how Jehovah has used me as an instrument to share the message with other people.
Additionally, my first Bible study is now my best friend and seeing others whom she has helped to come to know Jehovah is truly a great privilege.
I have no words to explain my gratitude to Jehovah for having used me and truly it's something that we can only experience if we give our best to Jehovah.
Like Sister Pintado, each of us wants to give our best to Jehovah.